yesterday in this hour we told you about
the mysterious lights that keep
appearing over Lake Erie near Cleveland
here is some home video of the lights
the neighbors in the area say are unlike
aircraft or helicopters that fly there
and last night for the eighth night in a
row they said these lights were back
appearing around seven-thirty p.m. and
lasting about two hours nASA has a lab
in Cleveland called the Glenn Research
Center they test rockets in various
aircraft but say they haven't done any
testing this week a Pentagon official
told me the US military has not been
testing anything recently in that area
and the FAA acknowledges the light
pattern seems different from commercial
flight paths in the area so what on
earth is going on joining us is UFO
expert Nick Pope from her London bureau
Nick ran the British government's UFO
project at the Ministry of Defence Nick
first of all what do you make of what
we're all hearing from Cleveland eight
days the lights seem to be similar but
they look unlike anything that people
have ever seen yes it certainly seems to
be an interesting wave of sightings and
it's always fascinating when you get
activity like this over a period of
different nights I think my key question
would be and it's really a question for
the the Air Force and the FAA has anyone
checked the radar tapes to see if
anything unusual was tracked well as a
matter of fact I spoke to officials at
the FAA today they checked in with
Cleveland air traffic control and they
don't have anything unusual nothing
unusual on the radar no unusual
reporting for many pilots is it possible
that maybe this is some sort of a
helicopter a rescue service in one of
the Cleveland hospitals that people east
of the city are looking at a little bit
differently I wouldn't have thought so
and I've seen some of this footage
myself and what struck me about it was
the way that it appeared to change color
at some stage and that's quite
interesting i mean i think as ever one
would need to get hold of the original
camera the original film footage and do
some proper forensic analysis to get to
the bottom of it but it's it's certainly
interesting and as I say the fact that
it's it's come back over several nights
and been seen by many different people
it makes
quite a significant sighting one as far
as the analysis of the film we intend to
do just that and it's now several people
were being told it because this has been
happening night after night people are
now gathered on the beaches along Lake
Erie near euclid ohio where this the kid
first saw it and apparently again is it
for eight nights in a row it happens
about each night between seven and
seven-thirty in the evening the lights
stay up for about two hours sometimes
they dim sometimes they get brighter
sometimes they move up they move to one
side and then they eventually disappear
what do you make of it all well I most
UFO sightings do turn out to have
conventional explanations they can be
lasers searchlights fireworks the
Chinese lanterns which are quite popular
and people let these offered parties and
barbecues and things like that but I
think what is interesting is that these
days of course almost everyone has a
cell phone with the capability to take
photos and videos so out of the tens of
thousands of people who see UFOs each
year we're getting more and more of this
interesting footage so we're more likely
to get to the bottom of these sorts of
mysteries we certainly hope to get to
the bottom of this one neck pulp from
London thank you so much Nick we will
keep you posted on how things go over
here we appreciate it